d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\Background.png
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\AgricolaCalculator.dll
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\AgricolaCalculator.pdb
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\AgricolaCalculator.xap
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\AgricolaCalculator.g.resources
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\AgricolaCalculator.dll
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\AgricolaCalculator.pdb
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\AddGame.g.i.cs
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\History.g.i.cs
d:\dokumenty\visual studio 2010\Projects\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\Score.g.i.cs
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\AgricolaCalculator.xap
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\AddGame.g.i.cs
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\History.g.i.cs
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\Score.g.i.cs
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\Agricola Calculator.dll
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\Bin\Debug\Agricola Calculator.pdb
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\Agricola Calculator.g.resources
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\Agricola Calculator.dll
C:\AgricolaCalculator\AgricolaCalculator\obj\Debug\Agricola Calculator.pdb
